{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red20\green24\blue33;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c10196\c12549\c17255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 AWS provides the  cloud platforms to build different types of systems (databases, VPCs, etc). With any system design, \
there is a minimum recovery point object (RPO) and a minimum recovery time objective (RTO). \
RPO is the maximum time over which your data is lost. RTO is the maximum time that there is an interruption in the service. \
\
If a service is in one AZ, then the factors to consider are the times where users are the most active on the service and based on this, \
the alerts of outages can be set up to go to on call. For instance, a single AZ service means that the provider is taking in consideration \
that the service can have an outage or an update and there is risk of the service completely shut down for its users until it can be\
 resolved by on call or the update is complete. These services could be for smaller businesses so the minimum RTO for a\
 single AZ outage depends on the problem generated, the type of alerts sent to on call and the time it takes for the on \
call to respond to the alert.And the minimum RPO for a single AZ outage depends on the automated backup time set with the database. \
\
If a service is a single region, and there is a single region outage then the minimum RTO depends on the the problem \
generated, the type of alerts sent to on call and the time it takes for the on call to respond to the alert. \
And the minimum RPO for a single region outage also depends on the automated backup time set with the database. \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl408\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
}